c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\FacebookCrawler.dll.config
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\FacebookCrawler.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\FacebookCrawler.pdb
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\obj\Debug\FacebookCrawler.dll
c:\users\josha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FacebookCrawler\FacebookCrawler\obj\Debug\FacebookCrawler.pdb
